Tell a before/after story with evidence and a live-ish demo:

Problem & Context

Who is your user? (FIH partner / role)
    FIH partner - Originally Galapagos Chamber of Tourism. Now independent.
    Tourists visiting Galapagos Islands (promote newer demographic as well to visit)

What does their workflow look like today?
    Currently, they take cruise tours and just visit the islands very briefly, without interacting or spending much time 
    with the local economy, customs, and people.

What hurts about the current process? (“Before” picture)
    Very commercialized way of visiting such a unique place and ecosystem that mainly benefits the large corps. rather
    than the local people. The scope for local businesses like restaurants and hotels is very limited in this scenario.

User Research

1–2 key insights from your interviews or observations.

    1. Mainly demographic of people visting today consists of older people, although that is an existing market. We from our talks decided
    that we would also focus on getting more younger visiters and scientists to the place. Hence, we have added stuff like adventurous things 
    to do as well as ecosystem and wildlife information. We feel that if we provide the visitors with stuff that interests them
    as well as differentiates the islands in some way, that is going to be a win.

    2. The Galapagos Islands are an area with extremely limited internet connectivity.

At least one direct quote or concrete example.

    "The Galapagos are far away, and particularly expensive to visit
    The price of staying in the islands themselves is low, but getting there is not
    Will your target audience actually want to visit?"

Briefly: how did this research change your idea?
    Originally, the project was similar to what we did but only had outdated features and basic info like hotels, restuarants etc.
    We aimed to add newer features that the younger audience are more likely to use like maps, AI chatbot, activites, local experiences etc.

    Since the connectivity is extremely low, we have to now store the assets locally, compared to AWS being used prior. We also need to offer some 
    other features as only when the person is online, like the AI chatbot because it uses the GeminiAPI.

Prototype

Walk through your prototype like a story: “User does A → sees B → can now do C.”

Show how the “after” state is better for your user (time saved, confusion reduced, etc.).

AI  
Clearly point out where AI shows up (or why you deliberately chose not to use AI).
    AI chatbot that answers questions related to Galapagos islands ranging from weather, hotels, things to do etc. Accessible from the app homescreen. This is powered by 
    the Google Gemini API.

How did YOU use AI in the development process itself? Which model did you use? Did you use any vibecoding tools? 
    I used AI in the form of Cursor (Sonnet + GPT5) during the development process as a vibecoding tool. I also used chatGPT for writing and summarizing interviews.
    I also used it to guide next steps or suggestions during development.

Impact
Why this matters for computing for social good (who benefits, how, and why it’s realistic).
    I think this is a very impactful project as it will raise awareness about a sensitive ecosystem place like Galapagos. It will also provide
    the locals with good business opportunities hence raising their standard of living. Moreover, tourists call also have a fun time and experience Which
    they might not be able to get anywhere else.

One concrete next step you’d take if you had another quarter.
    One concrete step I would take if I had more time would definitely be to optimize the app. Currently, since we have the constraint of 
    running most of the app offline due to limited connectivity, we had to bundle the images with the app itself. However, there are more tedious ways
    to compress all those assets and reduce the size of the mobile app. I think I can definitely reduce the size from 500 mb currently to around 200-300 mb. We can also figure out
    a way to do the same with videos. Maybe later try to provide AI without APIs (Internet usage).